Docs: New landing page design (#966)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/troubleshoot/partials/errors-and-solutions.adoc

ifdef::env-kubernetes[]
=== Crash loop backoffs

If a broker crashes after startup, or gets stuck in a crash loop, it can accumulate an increasing amount of stored state. This accumulated state not only consumes additional disk space but also prolongs the time required for each subsequent restart to process it.

To prevent infinite crash loops, the Redpanda Helm chart sets the xref:reference:properties/broker-properties.adoc#crash_loop_limit[`crash_loop_limit`] broker configuration property to `5`. The crash loop limit is the number of consecutive crashes that can happen within one hour of each other. By default, the broker terminates immediately after hitting the `crash_loop_limit`. The Pod running Redpanda remains in a `CrashLoopBackoff` state until its internal consecutive crash counter is reset to zero.

> To facilitate debugging in environments where a broker is stuck in a crash loop, you can also set the xref:reference:properties/broker-properties.adoc#crash_loop_sleep_sec[`crash_loop_sleep_sec` configuration] configuration. This setting determines how long the broker sleeps before terminating the process after reaching the crash loop limit. By providing a window during which the Pod remains in a paused state, you can SSH into the Pod and troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: @chrisseto fyi when you implement [K8S-491](https://redpandadata.atlassian.net/browse/K8S-491) to set `crash_loop_sleep_sec` to be on by default in the Redpanda Helm chart, then this paragraph will probably need updating.

> To facilitate debugging in environments where a broker is stuck in a crash loop, you can also set the xref:reference:properties/broker-properties.adoc#crash_loop_sleep_sec[`crash_loop_sleep_sec` configuration] configuration. This setting determines how long the broker sleeps before terminating the process after reaching the crash loop limit. By providing a window during which the Pod remains in a paused state, you can SSH into the Pod and troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: typo: configuration was twice + for consistency with the previous paragraph
```suggestion
To facilitate debugging in environments where a broker is stuck in a crash loop, you can also set the xref:reference:properties/broker-properties.adoc#crash_loop_sleep_sec[`crash_loop_sleep_sec`] broker configuration property. This setting determines how long the broker sleeps before terminating the process after reaching the crash loop limit. By providing a window during which the Pod remains available, you can SSH into it and troubleshoot the issue.
```

> To facilitate debugging in environments where a broker is stuck in a crash loop, you can also set the xref:reference:properties/broker-properties.adoc#crash_loop_sleep_sec[`crash_loop_sleep_sec` configuration] configuration. This setting determines how long the broker sleeps before terminating the process after reaching the crash loop limit. By providing a window during which the Pod remains in a paused state, you can SSH into the Pod and troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: > the Pod remains in a paused state

I think, technically, the pod is in a Running phase here using Kubernetes terminology (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-phase). But the kubernetes team are the experts on this. cc @chrisseto

Or to avoid specifying what state the pod is in here, an alternative phrasing I can think of is:
"the Pod remains available to SSH into and troubleshoot the issue."
